Generate ".d.ts" definition files for Stylable stylesheets (#1766)
wix/stylable: packages/eslint-plugin-stylable/README.md

|-----------|:-----:|:-------:|-------------|
| `resolveOptions` | `object` | `{}` | Stylable resolver options |
| `exposeDiagnosticsReports` | `boolean` | `false` | expose Stylable transpilation diagnostics on the import statement |

## Known issue

> ESLint is not intended for multi-file operations, such as validating your TS when an `.st.css` files changes. This means that the plugin can slip out of sync and show stale data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ESLint is not intended for multi-file operations, such as validating your TS when an `.st.css` files changes. This means that the plugin might lose track of stylesheet changes and work with stale data.
```

> This behavior will show out-of-date errors in your TS files, and only manually triggering a change in that file will remove the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior will show out-of-date errors or will miss new errors in your TS files, and only manually triggering a change in the stylesheet will sync ESlint and update the diagnostics.
```
